CT30A3204 Advanced Web Applications - Project work - Samuli Lento 0510807


Technology choices

    Backend is implemented with Node.js using express.
    For database I chose MongoDB and it is used with mongoose.
    Authentication is done using jsonwebtoken and storing it in local storage.
    Frontend is implemented with React in combination with Material UI components.


Installation guidelines

    Application requires installed MongoDB.
    Open the project folder in Visual Studio Code.
    In VS Code open a new terminal.
    First install node_modules by running "npm install" in root folder.
    Then start the server using one of the following commands in root folder:

        for Windows powershell:     $env:NODE_ENV="development"; npm run dev:server
        for Linux:                  NODE_ENV=development npm run dev:server

    Open a new terminal for frontend and run "npm run dev:client" in root folder.
    The React app will open and you can start using the application.


User manual

    Homepage

        At the top of the page is an Appbar with links to different pages.
        In the homepage you can see all code snippets.

        Code snippets

            Logged in users can post new code snippets.
            Clicking the title of a code snippet will take you to a page showing the code snippet
            and all comments of that code snippet.
            Logged in users can post new comments on a code snippet in it's page.

    Register

        In the register page you can create new account.
        Type in username and password in the textfields and click the register button.

    Login

        In the login page you can login by using an account created in the register page.
        Type in username and password in the textfields and click the login button.

    Logout

        When you are logged in there will be a logout button in the Appbar.
        Clicking it will log you out and then you can register new accounts or login again.


Implemented features

    - Basic features - 25 points
    - Utilization of a frontside framework (React) - 5 points

    - Total points 30